Add missing changelog entries. (#2411)
oracle/truffleruby: CHANGELOG.md

* Update `rb_str_modify` and `rb_str_modify_expand` to raise a `FrozenError` when given a frozen string (#2392).
* Implement `rb_fiber_*` functions (#2402).
* Implement `rb_str_vcatf`.
* Add support for tracing allocations from C functions (#2403, @chrisseaton).

Performance:

* Moved most of `MonitorMixin` to primitives to deal with interrupts more efficiently (#2375).

> * Improved the performance of `rb_enc_from_index` by adding cached lookups. (#2379, @nirvdrum).

Author: Thanks for the correction. I've amended the original commit with your fix to avoid this spilling out into multiple commits.

* Improved the performance of many `MatchData` operations (#2384, @nirvdrum).

> * Significantly improved performance of TRegex calls by allow Truffle splitting (#2389, @nirvdrum).

Author: Thanks for the correction. I've amended the original commit with your fix to avoid this spilling out into multiple commits.

* Improved `String#gsub` performance by adding a fast path for the `string_byte_index` primitive (#2380, @nirvdrum).

> * Improved `String#index` performanc by addaing a fast path for the `string_character_index` primitive (#2383, @LillianZ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved `String#index` performance by adding a fast path for the `string_character_index` primitive (#2383, @LillianZ).
```

Author: Thanks for the correction. I've amended the original commit with your fix to avoid this spilling out into multiple commits.

New features:

* New `TruffleRuby::ConcurrentMap` data structure for use in [`concurrent-ruby`](https://github.com/ruby-concurrency/concurrent-ruby) (#2339, @wildmaples).

> * Add a new `--warn-truffle-regex-fallback` option to see when TRegex cannot compile a regex (#2376, @LillianZ).

Reviewer 2: This option has been replaced by `--warn-truffle-regex-compile-fallback` and `--warn-truffle-regex-match-fallback` now.
Not sure how to handle that nicely in the changelog.

Also it's kind of expert experimental options so I wouldn't list them under `New features:`.
We could add it under `Performance:` instead I think.
Or potentially skip it from the changelog since for now it's meant mostly as an internal option.

Author: Did the rename come after the 21.2.0 release? If so, then the entry is still accurate for the release. But, I can just remove it too.

Reviewer 2: I would just remove the line, it's an experimental expert option, so not ready to be in the changelog as a user-facing thing yet.
